There was a clown named Wolfgang who was performing at a party located at a Biergarten in Berlin.
The people attending the party were not very amused and decided to start throwing Apfelkuchen and other Gebaeck at him.
When people ran out of food to throw, they went to the Baeckerei and bought some more!
Amidst the chaos, Wolfgang quipped, "Ein Apfelkuchenregen? Lachnummer!" 
Everything changed when Wolfgang witnessed eine Bratwurst flying through the air.
Having skipped lunch, Wolfgang was very hungry and skillfully caught the Bratwurst between two slices of Brot.
However, before Wolfgang, the disappointing clown, could take a bite, a small Hund jumped out of his own pocket and devoured the Bratwurst within seconds.
Enraged, Wolfgang chased the small Hund on the Hauptstrasse until reaching an enormous Schloss!
Even though Wolfgang looked and looked, he couldn't find the Hund - but rather he found a nice pair of Lederhose.
However, Wolfgang then realized the Lederhose was too small for him to wear, but he noticed a Dirndl that would fit right next to them!
Wolfgang donned the Dirndl and, having a sudden craving for authentic French Gebaeck, he hopped in his BMW and drove to the Flughafen.
As Wolfgang bid farewell to Berlin and boarded his flight at the Flughafen, he mused, "Was für ein wettbewerbsfaehiger Tag voller Gebaeck und Abenteuer!"
Yet as soon as Wolfgang's flight to France took off, he awakened, and found himself on the grass attending a Rammstein concert.
He listened with awe and delight, taking twenty minutes to notice that there was a beautiful Hund sitting next to him.
He wasn't sure when he'd fallen asleep, but the hund that was next to him, was the same that stole his Bratwurst!
As the concert roared on, Wolfgang, still clad in the Dirndl, chuckled to himself and said to the Hund, "After this, how about we head to the Ratskeller for a relaxing drink? It's been quite a day!"
The Hund then ran off toward Dr. Mehlhase and jumped up and got muddy paw prints all over the front of her Dirndel.
"I just got the stains out from the Apfelkuchen I smeered on my Dirndel, I'll have to change into these Lederhose," she said.
The Hund pulled out a fresh Dirndel "No need, here take this Dirndel! It was my grandmothers!".
